improve extensions documentation (#1350)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb: docs/source/extensions_tutorial/2_create_extension_spec_walkthrough.rst

generates a repository with the appropriate directory structure.

After you finish the instructions `here <https://github.com/nwb-extensions/ndx-template#getting-started>`_,
you should have a directory structure that looks like this

.. code-block::

    ├── LICENSE.txt
    ├── MANIFEST.in
    ├── NEXTSTEPS.md
    ├── README.md
    ├── docs
    │   ├── Makefile
    │   ├── README.md
    │   ├── make.bat
    │   └── source
    │       ├── _static
    │       │   └── theme_overrides.css
    │       ├── conf.py
    │       ├── conf_doc_autogen.py
    │       ├── credits.rst
    │       ├── description.rst
    │       ├── format.rst
    │       ├── index.rst
    │       └── release_notes.rst
    ├── requirements.txt
    ├── setup.cfg
    ├── setup.py
    ├── spec
    │   ├── ndx-example.extensions.yaml
    │   └── ndx-example.namespace.yaml
    └── src
        ├── matnwb
        │   └── README.md
        ├── pynwb
        │   ├── README.md
        │   ├── ndx_example
        │   │   └── __init__.py
        │   └── tests
        │       ├── __init__.py
        │       └── test_tetrodeseries.py
        └── spec
            └── create_extension_spec.py

> Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. While you can write the YAML extension files on your own, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. While you can write the YAML extension files on your own, we
```
```suggestion
Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. While you can write the YAML extension files on your own,
```

> Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. Technically, you could write the YAML extension files on your own, but we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. While you can write the YAML extension files on your own, we
```

> have provided a more convenient API in the :py:mod:`~pynwb.spec` for creating and managing extension. You will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyNWB provides a convenient API via :py:mod:`~pynwb.spec` for creating and managing extension. You will be
```

> Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. While you can write the YAML extension files on your own, we
> PyNWB provides a convenient API via :py:mod:`~pynwb.spec` for creating and managing extension. You will be
> modifying this file to create your own extension, but first let's walk through each piece.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. While you can write the YAML extension files on your own, we
PyNWB provides a convenient API via :py:mod:`~pynwb.spec` for creating and managing extension. You will be
modifying this file to create your own extension, but first let's walk through each piece.
```
```suggestion
At its core, an NWB extension consists of YAML text files, such as those generated in the `spec`
folder. While you can write these YAML extension files by hand, PyNWB provides a convenient API 
via the :py:mod:`~pynwb.spec` module for creating extensions. 

Open ``src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. You will be
modifying this script to create your own NWB extension. Let's first walk through each piece.
```

NWB organizes types into namespaces. You must define a new namespace before creating any new types. After following
the instructions from `ndx-template <https://github.com/nwb-extensions/ndx-template>`_, you should have a file
``ndx-my-ext/src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. The beginning of this file should look like

.. code-block:: python

    from pynwb.spec import NWBNamespaceBuilder, export_spec, NWBGroupSpec, NWBAttributeSpec
    # TODO: import the following spec classes as needed
    # from pynwb.spec import NWBDatasetSpec, NWBLinkSpec, NWBDtypeSpec, NWBRefSpec

    def main():
        # these arguments were auto-generated from your cookiecutter inputs
        ns_builder = NWBNamespaceBuilder(
            doc="my description",
            name="ndx-my-ext",
            version="0.1.0",
            author="John Doe",
            contact="contact@gmail.com"
        )

Here, after the initial imports, we are defining meta-data of the extension.
Pay particular attention to ``version``. If you make changes to your extension
after the initial release, you should increase the numbers in your version
number, so that you can keep track of what exact version of the extension was

> used for each file. We recommend using `semantic versioning <https://semver.org/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
used for each file. We recommend using a`semantic versioning approach <https://nwb-extensions.github.io/versioning_guidelines>`_.
```

in ``'hdmf-common'``.

Defining new neurodata types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Next, the ``create_extension_spec.py`` file declares an example extension
for a new neurodata type called ``TetrodeSeries``, which extends the :py:class:`~pynwb.ecephys.ElectricalSeries`
type. Then it creates a list of all new data types.

.. code-block:: python

    tetrode_series = NWBGroupSpec(
        neurodata_type_def='TetrodeSeries',
        neurodata_type_inc='ElectricalSeries',
        doc=('An extension of ElectricalSeries to include the tetrode ID for '
             'each time series.'),
        attributes=[
            NWBAttributeSpec(
                name='trode_id',
                doc='The tetrode ID.',
                dtype='int32'
            )
        ],
    )

    # TODO: add all of your new data types to this list
    new_data_types = [tetrode_series]

The remainder of the file is to generate the YAML files from the spec definition, and should not be changed.

After you make changes to this file, you should run it to re-generate the ``ndx-[name].extensions.yaml`` and
``ndx-[name].namespace.yaml`` files. In the next section, we will go into more detail into how to create neurodata

> types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``ndx-[name].namespace.yaml`` files located in the ``/spec`` folder of your extension. 
In the next section, we will go into more detail into how to create neurodata types.

.. note::

   When using ``create_extension_spec.py`` to define your extension all changes to your extension should
   be defined there. I.e., do not edit the generated YAML files by hand, as any changes made will be 
   overwritten the next time you run ``create_extension_spec.py``. 
```

NWB organizes types into namespaces. You must define a new namespace before creating any new types. After following
the instructions from `ndx-template <https://github.com/nwb-extensions/ndx-template>`_, you should have a file
``ndx-my-ext/src/spec/create_extension_spec.py``. The beginning of this file should look like

.. code-block:: python

    from pynwb.spec import NWBNamespaceBuilder, export_spec, NWBGroupSpec, NWBAttributeSpec
    # TODO: import the following spec classes as needed
    # from pynwb.spec import NWBDatasetSpec, NWBLinkSpec, NWBDtypeSpec, NWBRefSpec

    def main():
        # these arguments were auto-generated from your cookiecutter inputs
        ns_builder = NWBNamespaceBuilder(
            doc="my description",
            name="ndx-my-ext",
            version="0.1.0",
            author="John Doe",
            contact="contact@gmail.com"
        )

Here, after the initial imports, we are defining meta-data of the extension.
Pay particular attention to ``version``. If you make changes to your extension
after the initial release, you should increase the numbers in your version
number, so that you can keep track of what exact version of the extension was

> used for each file. We recommend using a`semantic versioning approach <https://nwb-extensions.github.io/versioning_guidelines>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used for each file. We recommend using a `semantic versioning approach <https://nwb-extensions.github.io/versioning_guidelines>`_.
```

Including types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Next, we need to include types from the core schemas. This is analogous to
importing classes in Python. The generated file includes some example imports.

.. code-block:: python

    ns_builder.include_type('ElectricalSeries', namespace='core')
    ns_builder.include_type('TimeSeries', namespace='core')
    ns_builder.include_type('NWBDataInterface', namespace='core')
    ns_builder.include_type('NWBContainer', namespace='core')
    ns_builder.include_type('DynamicTableRegion', namespace='hdmf-common')
    ns_builder.include_type('VectorData', namespace='hdmf-common')
    ns_builder.include_type('Data', namespace='hdmf-common')

Neuroscience-specific data types are defined in the namespace ``'core'``
(which means core NWB). More general organizational data types that are not
specific to neuroscience and are relevant across scientific fields are defined

> in ``'hdmf-common'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in ``'hdmf-common'``. You can see which types are defined in which namespace by
exploring the `NWB schema documentation <https://nwb-schema.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
and hdmf-common schema documentation <https://hdmf-common-schema.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.
```
